Update Documentation to Reflect SNV refactoring (#304)
AlexsLemonade/OpenPBTA-analysis: analyses/snv-callers/README.md

```
bash run_caller_analysis.sh
```
This bash script will return:

- Comparison plots in a notebook: [`compare_snv_callers_plots.nb.html`](https://cansavvy.github.io/openpbta-notebook-concept/snv-callers/compare_snv_callers_plots.nb.html).
- A zip file containing:
  - `consensus_snv.maf.tsv` - is  [MAF-like file](#consensus-mutation-call) that contains the snvs that were called by all three of these callers for a given sample are saved to this file.
  These files combine the [MAF file data](https://docs.gdc.cancer.gov/Data/File_Formats/MAF_Format/) from 3 different SNV callers: [Mutect2](https://software.broadinstitute.org/cancer/cga/mutect), [Strelka2](https://github.com/Illumina/strelka), and [Lancet](https://github.com/nygenome/lancet).
  See the methods on the callers' settings [here](https://github.com/AlexsLemonade/OpenPBTA-manuscript/blob/master/content/03.methods.md#somatic-single-nucleotide-variant-calling) and see [the methods of this caller analysis and comparison below](#summary-of-methods).  
  - `consensus_snv_tmb_coding_only.tsv` - Tumor Mutation burden calculations using *coding only* mutations use the consensus of Lancet, Mutect2, and Strelka2. 

>   - `consensus_snv_tmb_all.tsv` - Tumor Mutation burden calculations using *all* mutations use the consensus of Mutect2, and Strelka2. (Lancet was excluded because it has a coding region bias).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - `consensus_snv_tmb_all.tsv` - Tumor Mutation burden calculations using *all* mutations use the consensus of Mutect2, and Strelka2. (Lancet was excluded because it was run with settings that bias its calls towards coding regions).
```

>   - `consensus_snv_tmb_all.tsv` - Tumor Mutation burden calculations using *all* mutations use the consensus of Mutect2, and Strelka2. (Lancet was excluded because it has a [coding region bias in the way it was ran](https://github.com/AlexsLemonade/OpenPBTA-manuscript/blob/master/content/03.methods.md#snv-and-indel-calling)).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - `consensus_snv_tmb_all.tsv` - Tumor Mutation burden calculations using *all* mutations use the consensus of Mutect2, and Strelka2. (Lancet was excluded because it has a [coding region bias in the way it was run](https://github.com/AlexsLemonade/OpenPBTA-manuscript/blob/master/content/03.methods.md#snv-and-indel-calling)).
```

# SNV caller comparison analysis

This analysis evaluates [MAF files](https://docs.gdc.cancer.gov/Data/File_Formats/MAF_Format/) from different SNV callers, compares their output, and creates a [consensus mutation file](./results/consensus/consensus_mutation.maf.tsv.zip).

> This consensus mutation file is [MAF-like](#consensus-mutation-call) meaning it is TSV file that contains many of the fields of a [MAF file](https://docs.gdc.cancer.gov/Data/File_Formats/MAF_Format/) but also has [VAF](#variant-allele-fraction-calculation)

Reviewer: I am pretty sure we are including the full set of fields now, as they are all in the database. 
```suggestion
This consensus mutation file is [MAF-like](#consensus-mutation-call) meaning it is TSV file that contains the fields of a [MAF file](https://docs.gdc.cancer.gov/Data/File_Formats/MAF_Format/) but adds [VAF](#variant-allele-fraction-calculation), but does not contain a starting comment line with a version number.
```

  - [Variant Allele Fraction Calculation](#variant-allele-fraction-calculation)
  - [Tumor Mutation Burden Calculation](#tumor-mutation-burden-calculation)
- [General usage of scripts](#general-usage-of-scripts)
  - [01-setup_db.py](#01-setup_dbpy)
  - [02-merge_callers.R](#02-merge_callersr)
  - [03-calculate_tmb.R](#03-calculate_tmbr)

<!-- END doctoc generated TOC please keep comment here to allow auto update -->

## How to run the caller consensus analysis

To run the evaluations and comparisons of all the SNV callers, call the bash script:

```
bash run_caller_analysis.sh
```
This bash script will return:

- Comparison plots in a notebook: [`compare_snv_callers_plots.nb.html`](https://cansavvy.github.io/openpbta-notebook-concept/snv-callers/compare_snv_callers_plots.nb.html).
- A zip file containing:
  - The consensus mutations themselves, saved to [MAF-like file](#consensus-mutation-call) `consensus_mutation.maf.tsv`.
  - Tumor Mutation burden calculations in `consensus_mutation_tmb.tsv`.

### Summary of consensus files:

- `consensus_mutation.maf.tsv` - Mutations that were called by all three of these callers for a given sample are saved to this file.

> This file is MAF-like meaning it is TSV file that contains many of the fields of a [MAF file](https://docs.gdc.cancer.gov/Data/File_Formats/MAF_Format/) but also some added calculations like [Variant Allele Fraction](#variant-allele-fraction-calculation) and some sample metadata information.

Reviewer: Do we want to mention again the absence of a comment line?
```suggestion
This file is MAF-like meaning it is TSV file that contains the fields of a [MAF file](https://docs.gdc.cancer.gov/Data/File_Formats/MAF_Format/) but adds [Variant Allele Fraction](#variant-allele-fraction-calculation).
```

These files combine the [MAF file data](https://docs.gdc.cancer.gov/Data/File_Formats/MAF_Format/) from 3 different SNV callers: [Mutect2](https://software.broadinstitute.org/cancer/cga/mutect), [Strelka2](https://github.com/Illumina/strelka), and [Lancet](https://github.com/nygenome/lancet).
See the methods on the callers' settings [here](https://github.com/AlexsLemonade/OpenPBTA-manuscript/blob/master/content/03.methods.md#somatic-single-nucleotide-variant-calling) and see [the methods of this caller analysis and comparison below](#summary-of-methods).

> It is "MAF-like" file because it has many of the same fields as a MAF file but..  

Reviewer: Okay, this the third time we define MAF-like... we should be less repetitive.

Author: Fair enough! ha.

  - Does not contain the version string in the first row   
  - Extraneous annotation data has been removed (columns with all `NA`s)  
  - Has VAF calculations

- `consensus_mutation_tmb.tsv` - After the consensus mutations were identified, Tumor mutation burden was recalculated for each sample from this mutation set.
See this [analysis' folder](#tumor-mutation-burden-calculation) for details on these methods.

## Summary of Methods

### Mutation Comparisons

In order to compare mutations across callers, the data tables for each caller
were indexed by: `Chromosome` `Start_Position` `Reference_Allele` and `Allele`.
Meaning that across callers, if all these fields were identical, they were considered to be the same mutation.

> This was done in the `01-setup_db.py` script using the function.

Reviewer: The indexing is an implementation detail for speed, it speeds comparisons later, which also end up including sample for matching (but we get enough speed without specifically indexing that as well).

So I think this section needs to just describe which callers were used for the consensus, what was considered the same mutation (the fields mentioned, but also sample).  and how we handle MNVs.

Author: Would you be able to add a few lines about how you did the MNVs? Or do you have elsewhere where that is summed up nicely?

Reviewer: I will add it. I think the best summary is in #275, but it isn't quite as clear as it could be. I'll write something better tomorrow morning.

Author: Sounds good. You can always add it as a PR suggestion and then I can just commit it.

genome_size = sum(End_Position - Start_Position)
```

## General usage of scripts

**Overall notes about these scripts:**
- The scripts are sequential as noted by their number.
- All file path-related options assume the file path given is relative to `OpenPBTA-analysis`.
- By default, the scripts will not overwrite existing files of the same name. However,
this can be overridden with `--overwrite` option.

### 01-setup_db.py

> Creates and/or fills a database of variant calls that will be used by subsequent calls.

Reviewer: Probably worth mentioning that the maf tables are complete for strelka and lancet, but not for mutect and vardict, to save space. Here you might mention the indexing by position and mutation, to facilitate later searches and comparisons.
```suggestion
Creates and/or fills an SQLite database of variant calls that will be used by subsequent steps to find consensus mutations.
```

Note: requires `pandas` to be installed, and expects python3
All arguments are optional; only the included tables will be affected.

**Argument descriptions**
```
  -d DB_FILE, --db-file DB_FILE
     Path of the database file to use or create. Defaults to `data.sqlite`.
   --strelka-file STRELKA_FILE
     Path of the MAF formatted data file from the strelka2 caller(TSV).
   --mutect-file MUTECT_FILE
     Path of the MAF formatted data file from the mutect2 caller(TSV).
   --lancet-file LANCET_FILE
     Path of the MAF formatted data file from the lancet caller(TSV).
   --vardict-file VARDICT_FILE
     Path of the MAF formatted data file from the vardict caller(TSV).
   --meta-file META_FILE, --hist-file META_FILE
     Path of the metadata/histology data file(TSV).
   --overwrite           Overwrite tables that may already exist.
```

### 02-merge_callers.R

> Using the database created by `01-setup_db.py`, merge callers' data files into consensus MAF-like file.

Reviewer: ... as described at (link)
